Add `nx-cugraph` Docs Pages (#4669)
rapidsai/cugraph: docs/cugraph/source/nx_cugraph/index.rst

    G = nx.from_pandas_edgelist(df, source="src", target="dst")

    %time result = nx.betweenness_centrality(G, k=10)

.. figure:: ../_static/colab.png
    :width: 200px
    :target: https://nvda.ws/4drM4re

    Try it on Google Colab!

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **Zero Code Change Acceleration**                                                           |
|                                                                                             |
| Just ``nx.config.backend_priority=["cugraph"]`` in Jupyter, or set ``NETWORKX_BACKEND_PRIORITY=cugraph`` in the shell.  |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **Run the same code on CPU or GPU**                                                         |
|                                                                                             |
| Nothing changes, not even your `import` statements, when going from CPU to GPU.             |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> ``nx-cugraph`` is now Generally Available (GA) as part of the ``RAPIDS`` package.  See `RAPIDS

Reviewer: I wouldn't say "Generally Available (GA)" here. At the very least, I would undo the capitalization and not include the acronym "GA".

Author: How about ``nx-cugraph`` is now available as part of the ``RAPIDS`` package.

Quick Start <https://rapids.ai/#quick-start>`_ to get up-and-running with ``nx-cugraph``.

> .. toctree::

Reviewer: This section doesn't appear to be rendering correctly.

Author: Ah, yes.. I'm not sure if GitHub renders `rst` files correctly

> | **Run the same code on CPU or GPU**                                                         | **100% of the NetworkX API**                                                                                        |

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we shouldn't say 100% since that could be interpreted as having GPU acceleration on the entire NX API.  I think it's enough to just say "run the same code with or without GPUs"
```suggestion
| **Run the same code with or without GPUs**                                                         |
```
